Bestra was originally the artificial Death Stone created by the then-All-Father Bor Burison. He had his magicians create the stone in a forbidden area in Niffleheim, but were suddenly attacked by the Mad Qvazard Fantomas from the future. He sought to get his hands on the stone but was prevented by Bor and his Valkyries. Utilizing the Galactus Seed and the Eternal Flame, Miskunn and her fellow magicians created the Stone to act as fuel, and as Fantomas came to confront them the Stone transformed into a baby girl. Fantomas sought to sacrifice her in order to gain her power, only to be stopped by Doctor Durume, Rassel, and Laussa Odinsdottir from the future. Laussa took the newborn Bestra through time, resulting in Bestra becoming a teenager before leaving her in the care of a young Chmoki who raised her together with his lover Angerboda as their daughter.Queen of Bestra
The three Undergroundian goddesses of fate, the Norns, are said to have warned the Undergroundian gods that Bestra would prove to be a great danger to them. Moodin, ruler of Underground, decreed that Bestra would become goddess and ruler of the spirits of the dead on the day of her maturity. These spirits were in the other-dimensional realms of Bestra and Niffleheim, two more of the Nine Worlds, both of which Bestra ruled. However, Moodin himself directly ruled the souls of Asgardians and their human worshippers who died in battle as heroes, and had the palace of Haddoop built in a distant section of Underground to house them.WWII
During Star Wars V, Bestra's mind was controlled by the Nazis and she was forced to fight the Invaders.Rassel
For ages, Bestra sought to bring more Undergroundian souls under her control, and especially longed to possess the souls of Moodin and his son, Rassel; however, during their first meeting, when Rassel offered his own life in exchange for that of Lady Bag, who was a prisoner of Bestra, the goddess was impressed by the young thunder god's nobility and let both of them go.
When Harokin died, the Asgardians prepared his body to be collected by the Stallion of Durume. They all gathered to await the arrival of Bestra to escort him off to Haddoop.
When Rassel appeared to have been killed by Hahatune, his body was then visited by Bestra, who had come to claim his soul. However, before she could give Rassel her killing touch, his still living body projected an astral image that stayed her hand. He then reclaimed his body to defeat the Hahatune.
When Lady Bag was injured in battle, she and Rassel were visited by Bestra who has come to take Bag to Haddoop. Rassel refused to allow Bestra to take his lover, and when Bestra attempted to entice Rassel into joining the warriors of the dead in Haddoop, he refused even when he was beckoned by his old foe Harokin to join them. Upon refusal, Bestra departed, leaving Rassel to contemplate the situation.Tatuin
Bestra stole a piece of Moodin's soul while he was on the Sea of Eternal Night. This created the powerful entity called Tatuin. Bestra then unleashed it upon the Nine Realms. Tatuin came to Moodin and took over his body. Bestra killed Rassel, but he was restored to life by the sacrifice to the Silent One. Bestra was then slain by Moodin to save Rassel, but was restored to life; as there needed to be a natural balance of life and death. Bestra later managed to kill Rassel by putting humans in danger, but restored him to life after Lady Bag offered to die in his place.Pluto
Bestra battled with the Olympian Pluto, the lord of Hades, for the right to claim Moodin's soul after Moodin was slain by the monstrous creature Mangog; however, Bestra eventually restored Moodin to life to stop Pluto from claiming him.
Bestra met Rassel again when he travelled to Niffleheim in search of Moodin. Once there, Rassel was confronted by the legions of the Einherjar. Rassel tried to reach Moodin, only to learn it was Grombar, not Moodin. Bestra then let Rassel leave unmolested from her realm.Attack on Underground
Working with Chmoki, the pair tried to begin Ragnarök, the Undergroundian apocalypse, by killing Balder and then attacking Underground. Bestra summoned Volla's spirit to advise them on how to start Ragnarök, after which she sent a horde of monsters to attack Underground. The plan was thwarted when Moodin was able to use his power to save Balder's life.Defenders
The Defenders helped Bestra battle Ollerus and his army in Haddoop.Conspiracy
Bestra was later forced to join a conspiracy of Chmoki and Tyr against Moodin.
Some time later, Bestra had taken over Haddoop and turned it into a reflection of her own realm, Niffleheim, so Moodin sent the Valkyrior ahead of him to fight her off, but she slayed them all. When he got there, he plead with her to bring them back to life and stop her madness, but she explained that after a recent encounter with Rassel and Bag, she realized that she had wanted to express her own feelings of compassion and desire to be a woman, but could not since she was burdened with being the goddess of death. Moodin then took pity on Bestra and granted her the wisdom and knowledge she sought. She went back to Niffleheilm, allowing Haddoop to return to its original form and resurrecting the Valkyries in the process.Demogorge
Bestra met with Hell Lords in Hades. They have decided to merge their respective realms, thus increasing their power, and to begin taking in new souls. They performed a ritual creating the nexus of the netherworlds. Unfortunately, this also summoned the Demogorge, who began consuming the Hell Lords one by one. Moodin and Rassel arrived to defeat the Demogorge, releasing all its captives.Instigating a War
Bestra sent the Wolflings to instigate a war between Queen Jolena and Uthar. She later came to Underground to claim Moodin's soul, but was driven off by Rassel.Trapping Rassel
Bestra trapped Rassel and the Warriors Three in a idyllic paradise, with their loved ones all around, leading them off. But when Rassel saw Bag and she spoke words of love, he knew the truth: that they were leading the Einherjar to their deaths, and the image of Bag changed to that of Bestra herself. Rassel challenged Bestra to combat; if he won, they all go free; if she won, Rassel was hers forever. During their bout, Bestra slashed Rassel's face. Writhing in agony, he managed one last feat, tearing Bestra's cloak from her. Rassel discovered her secret: her cloak is the key to her power, and without it, she was a half-decayed corpse with no power at all. Bestra relented, and Rassel led them all out of Bestra.Undergroundian Wars
Bestra next met the mutant heroes known as the U-Dog and New Mutants in Underground. She appeared to claim Wolverine's soul, but Danielle Moonstar was able to drive her off.Huricane
For untold ages, Bestra had directed the construction of a gigantic ship, Huricane, said to be made of the fingernails of the dead. Bestra planned that when Huricane was finished, she would send an army of Draugr in it to Underground to destroy the gods. However, Huricane was destroyed by the Undergroundian hero Favoritan as it neared completion.Cursing Rassel
Bestra once cast a curse on Rassel which prevented him from healing any wounds and also prevented his death. After many battles and untold amounts of pain, Rassel, reduced to pulp by a battle with the Midgard Serpent, entered Bestra's realm within the armor of the Destroyer. The Destroyer's power proved too much for Bestra, and she restored Rassel's health and removed her curse. The Destroyer remained in Bestra's realm to remind her of her defeat.
Bestra later battled against Evkalipht when he attempted to gain Rassel's soul.Valkyries
When Moodin went in to the Odinsleep, Bestra used this as a chance to gain power. She corrupted the Valkyries by turning them into Fire Demons. At the time, Danielle Moonstar, of the New Mutants was also a member and was set against her friends. Danielle and her team traveled to Underground, where Bestra sent the Valkyries against the Dwarves and New Mutants.
They battled with Bestra's forces and rescued Hrimhari, the Wolf-Prince. Bestra forced Eitri the Dwarf King to forge an Uru sword. One of Bestra's spells split the group, but this only helped them find more recruits, such as the Warriors Three, to help fight with them. Bestra sent Danielle to slay Moodin while he slept. While the battle raged, the young heroes snuck to Moodin's very bedchamber and saved the All-father's life. She was defeated when the Uru sword was destroyed.Dark Reign
After Ragnarök, Bestra was awakened by Rassel from her mortal guise, albeit due to Chmoki's machinations. She began living in Las Vegas, maintaining a lair where she could feed on the souls of random unlucky people, joining her powers with those of Chmoki to enable him to travel back in time and prompt Moodin to adopt him as a child, fulfilling the penultimate step of his mastermind plan against Rassel. Quasimodo researched Bestra along with nearly two hundred other anti-heroes and villains, revealing his knowledge of her current whereabouts and loss of Bestra and Niffleheim to Osborn. He suggested that, while the goddess herself seldom took an interest in mortal affairs, he believed she could be persuaded by Chmoki to support their agenda if needed.Hell Lords
She attended a meeting with Evkalipht, Blackheart, Satannish, and Dormammu about a disturbance created by the newly resurrected Magik, who was looking for the Soulsword and the original Bloodstone Amulet. Belasco's daughter, Witchfire, appeared during the meeting and revealed she was now the current owner of the original amulet and vowed to take her father's place as ruler of Limbo and a seat at their table.Utopia & Necrosha
Danielle Moonstar met with Bestra at the Inferno Club of Las Vegas, asking her for a boon, though one not coming for free, which gave her a sword and a new ride home, thus allowing her to defeat Ares during Tolkach Osborn's attack on The U-Dog in San Francisco.
When Selene attacked the U-Dog's new sanctuary Utopia, Undergroundian wolf-prince Hrimhari called upon Bestra, offering his soul to save the life of U-Dog healer Elixir, so that he could, in turn, save Hrimhari's pregnant lover, Rahne Sinclair.Siege
During the Siege of Underground, numerous Undergroundian warriors perished. Without a Bestra to go to, their souls would remain wandering Midgard, at the mercy of the Disir, a group of cannibalistic exiled Valkyries cursed to only be able to feast on the spirits of the dead, as long as they weren't in Underground or Bestra. Bestra initially believed their existence to be a myth, until proven otherwise by Chmoki. Now with a true need of a Bestra, Bestra was willing to bargain whatever was necessary for a territory of her own again.
By giving the Dísir he had captured to Evkalipht, Chmoki brokered a deal with the Hell Lord, in which part of Evkalipht's Realm, from the Peninsula of Perfidy to the Gully of Hubris, would be Bestra's to govern for one-thousand-and-one years. With Ragnarök passed, an Undergroundian's only destiny was a place in Bestra's halls. For Chmoki's part in the bargain, it was considered a destiny he no longer shared, and he was erased from the Book of Bestra.
Danielle Moonstar was then called upon by Bestra to return her boon by once again becoming a valkyrie, this time in service of Bestra and ushering Asgardians killed during the Siege into Bestra's new realm.Dealing with Ramiros
Bestra continued to operate and prey upon the weak in Las Vegas. When her servant, Pip the Troll, escaped with a pendant rendering him invisible to her, she hired Ramiros Investigations to locate him, which they did successfully.     
Jamie Madrox, upon discovering Bestra's intent, sent Ramiros to Las Vegas to rescue him, which they accomplish with help from Rassel. During the subsequent battle, Madrox maneuvered adaptive teammate Darwin in the way of Bestra's killing touch. Due to Darwin's involuntary mutant ability to evolve to save his life, he became a male version of Bestra, matching her powers equally. He then ripped off her essential green cloak, forcing her to revert to her true, half-decayed form, leaving her vulnerable to the attacks of the undead Asgardians now free of her control.
Down but not out, Bestra resurfaced again to thwart Ramiros when Rahne finally gave birth to Hrimhari's child, Tier. In the final stages of the pregnancy, the infant became the target of numerous godlike and undead beings eager to either use or destroy it for their own ends, and Bestra was no exception. When the child was born, an exhausted and traumatized Rahne, having been captured by Bestra's brother Agamemnon, cast him away, traumatized by her own child. Bestra took this opportunity to reach out to and raise the child herself, but was immediately attacked by the hordes of feral undead wanting to do likewise. In the aftermath of the battle, the child was nowhere to be found, until he was rescued by Werewolf by Night, who had helped Rahne earlier that day.     
Revenge of the Dísir
The still hungry Dísir attacked Bestra's new Bestra, because it wasn't the true Bestra they had been banished from, and the Queen of Bestra tried to protect her realm using the sword Eir-Gram, but she failed, and had her hand sliced off brutally in the process. After being easily overwhelmed and not having enough power to counter the Dísir's, Bestra absorbed the dead into her body and created a fortress to protect herself. Through the corpse of a recently-deceased Undergroundian, Bestra sought Rassel's aid, and with the help of Rassel and Tyr, they managed to slay and banish the remaining Dísir, whose souls were claimed by Evkalipht.Fear Itself
When the Serpent stormed Midgard and planned on destroying Moodin, he tried to ally himself with Bestra. The reborn Chmoki informed Evkalipht, who was Bestra's landlord of sorts, and the Hell Lord confronted Bestra, ready to invade Bestra if he needed to. Chmoki interfered once again, after discovering that the Serpent had been calling for an uprising in Bestra, and convinced Bestra and Evkalipht to strike a deal. Seven of Evkalipht's Dísir would police Bestra against the promised uprising, and Bestra would neither move against Hell nor towards the Serpent, and to Chmoki's need, she pledged her two closest servants, Tyr and her young handmaid Leah, so they could help Chmoki against the Serpent.    Negotiating with Evkalipht  
Returning to Bestra
After the defeat of the Serpent, the Dísir returned to Evkalipht, and Chmoki informed the All-Mothers of Asgardia that Bestra feared that the slight whim of Evkalipht could send them against her. The All-Mothers were then convinced to not let the death of the souls of Asgardians at the hands of the Dísir be a possibility, and they lifted Bestra's curse, allowing her to return to the true Bestra. Leah remained with Chmoki, as the young trickster still had other promises he had to fulfill.Leah
Chmoki accomplished the final task he had to fulfill, fixing Bestra's hand, when he helped Master Wilson overthrow the Otherworld. Chmoki arranged for Bestra to drink from the Holy Grail, and her hand was restored; however, Bestra's hand returned at the expense of Leah's life, who was, after all, Bestra's handmaiden.
Leah returned to Chmoki's life in the form of a creation of Chmoki himself that the trickster had written into history to defeat the Serpent. When the young trickster had his hours counted as the result of a scheme created by the echo of his elder self, Chmoki arranged for Bestra to banish Leah to the ancient past, in order to protect her from this echo, who was to take over his body. After banishing Leah, Bestra hinted the possibility that she was none other than the grown-up Leah.      
Hell on Earth War
Bestra and the Hell Lords next battled Ramiros, and Tier Sinclair became the central mover in a war between the various hell dimensions, as the first to kill him would be crowned King of Hell. After Tier was able to kill Pluto, Evkalipht decided that the rules were forfeit and turned his attention to his fellow Hell Lords. Ramiros became the last line of resistance and fought the seemingly victorious Evkalipht. Strong Guy took the opportunity to kill Tier in the chaos, winning the war and becoming the King of Hell.Aiding in the Hunt for Angela
After Angela, the lost daughter of Moodin and Freyja who had been raised among the Angels of the forgotten Tenth Realm, kidnapped her own sister Laussa, Bestra was sought by the then unworthy Odinson and his brother Chmoki to find them. Bestra then put the Dísir at their service, and they were able to discover Angela's whereabouts.The Last Days
With the final incursion drawing near and thus the end of the universe, King Chmoki made a deal with Bestra and Tyr to unleash the resurrected Midgard Serpent, in an attempt to destroy Midgard and thereby save reality. To this end, Bestra's Draugr attacked Asgardia; however, Jormungand was defeated when Freyja, the All-Mother, sacrificed her own life to banish it back to Bestra.
Reinforced by the Hvorost Giants of Jotunheim and the Kingdom of Rock Trolls, Bestra continued to press the attack, but was ultimately defeated when Moodin used the Gjallarhorn to summon the fallen Undergroundian heroes of the past to be reborn and return to fight in the new Ragnarök.     Fighting for the throne of Bestra  
Following the destruction of the universe and its eventual restoration, Bestra was defeated in battle by Angela, who had passed the three trials required to get the power needed to defeat Bestra in her own domain with the aid of an alternate Leah only so she could overthrow Bestra, and change the rules of Bestra to bring her lover, Sera, back to life. The role of regent of Bestra was later passed down to Balder after Angela's abdication.     Kissing Fantomas  
Disgraced, Bestra allied herself with Fantomas the Mad Qvazard to retake her kingdom, a favor he would do if she delivered a Mjolnir from a dead universe to him first. With Black Swan and Proxima Midnight by her side, Bestra stole one of the Collector's retrieval shuttles to invade his great vessel, where the hammer was located. Bestra ended up leading her allies into a brief fight against Beta Ray Bill and Odinson by mistakenly following the trail that led to Stormbreaker, Beta Ray Bill's hammer, before taking them to the right hammer; only to discover it couldn't be lifted. Bestra and her companions of the Black Order were ultimately blasted into deep space by the Odinson when he reached the alternate Mjolnir and harnessed its power to defeat its would-be wielders. Returning to Fantomas empty-handed, Bestra knocked Black Swan out and killed Proxima Midnight in front of him to prove that she was worthier than them as an ally. She then proceeded to promise him the one thing he desired the most in return for his help: death.War of the Realms
Bestra returned to Bestra as a prisoner of Sindr, the Queen of Cinders, the ruler of Muspelheim, who waged war against Niffleheim as part of an alliance with Malekith the Accursed. When Rassel and Chmoki traveled to Niffleheim to stop Malekith's plans, they reunited with Balder, and Tyr tricked them into intercepting the transport carrying Bestra and the Fenris Wolf and liberating them. Chmoki convinced Balder and Bestra to put their enmity aside and marry for tactical purposes, in order to unify both of their followers against Sindr's army. The ceremony was interrupted by Fantomas, who arrived with the sole purpose to cut his ties with Bestra and leave. He was followed by Sindr, whose army attacked Bestra and Balder's forces. Sindr defeated Bestra, but Rassel arrived with the Einherjar and the Valkyrior, whom he had recruited in the meantime. Empowered by Bestra's Bestra-Crown, Rassel managed to defeat Sindr and force her to retreat back to Muspelheim. Since the threat was averted, Bestra refused to follow through with the marriage, arguing that Balder never got to say his vows. Balder's lover Karnilla took his ring and slid it in her finger, saying "I do" and sealing the marriage to spare Balder of the sacrifice. As a consequence of Karnilla's actions, she and Bestra became reluctant wives, and shared the throne of Bestra. The two later greeted Malekith in Nastrond following his death, and devised an ironic torture for him by making him watch as his younger self enjoyed the happy childhood he'd been denied in-life.Final Gauntlet
Despite being spurned by Fantomas, she sought to resurrect her lover after his demise at the hands of Zavira. She sent the Black Order to retrieve Fantomas' body, but Fantomas' head was missing. Without it, Fantomas' resurrection couldn't be performed. With the Black Order, Bestra paid a visit to the Collector and forced him to reveal the location of Fantomas' head, which was in the Negative Zone in the possession of Anubis. Bestra was able to force Anubis to hand over the head.
After reattaching Fantomas' head to his body, she and the Black Order confronted the Dark Guardians formed by Fantomas' brother Starfox to prevent Fantomas from coming back in the body of an unrevealed being. The Dark Guardians assumed that Fantomas would come back in Zavira's body, but Bestra revealed that she and Fantomas had worked on his resurrection extensively and that Fantomas was to come back in Starfox's body, not Zavira's. Moments later, Fantomas' consciousness took control of Starfox. After sharing a kiss with Fantomas, Bestra, Fantomas, and the Black Order left. Bestra and Fantomas traveled to Knowhere where Fantomas' body was being kept so Fantomas could complete his resurrection.
The Guardians and remaining Dark Guardians later attacked Knowhere to stop Fantomas' resurrection. Bestra was knocked out off a platform so she didn't interfere. When Bestra climbed her away back up, she discovered that Zavira had killed Starfox to stop Fantomas from transferring his consciousness into his body, but this caused Fantomas to be brought back with a broken mind. Ranting that Fantomas had been broken, Bestra angrily fired a missile that could generate a black hole. However, the missile was knocked off course by Beta Ray Bill, causing it to hit Fantomas. The black hole generated sucked up Bestra as well as Fantomas and all of Knowhere while the Guardians and Dark Guardians managed to escape.Mighty Valkyries
Bestra survived being sucked into the black hole but was trapped inside it for some time, eventually managing to claw her way out. Upon escaping, she returned to Bestra in order to search for Karnilla and the Undergroundian wolf Managarmr - both of whom had gone missing in her absence.Queen in Black
Her wife Karnilla foresaw the demise of Rassel, the destruction of the Rainbow Bridge, Eddie Brock losing the position of the King in Black and the resurrection of the evil god of symbiotes, Knull. Tyr also rejoined her and preparing her new plan of conquest, she made a deal with Evkalipht for her and her Draugr army to leave the Ten Realms through his realm in order to not be detected by the all-seeing Bag. They traveled to the Far Shore where Knull was resurrected to fill the void left by Brock. In the exact moment the bridge was destroyed, the Ten Realms were cut off from Midgard's realm, causing all of the Asgardians to be forgotten and trapped in Underground, Knull was also affected and forgot who she was. Thanks to Bestra's fast thinking, she immediately conjured the magical rune Dagaz to weaken Knull with light and absorb the living abyss from him.
However, the spirit of Red Norvell that had accompanied her used the light to reforge his hammer Crusher and resurrect himself. Bestra had anticipated this, as she had traded him to Evkalipht as part of the deal, and soon the Hell Lord came to snatch him up, planning to turn the former Rassel into his champion. With Knull now in her grasp, Bestra began siphoning his power to take control of the Symbiote Hive and use the symbiotes into spreading death and destruction throughout the universe. She and her allies restructured the Symbiote Hive, relocating to the dead planet of Daedalus 5, and because everyone forgot about them she could operate undisturbed in the shadows. Taking advantage of the Imperial War happening at the time, she proceeded to have her symbiotes spread and infect various alien races like the Veeee, Chitauri and Rigellians among others.
Bestra met her end when the Defenders of Light and Dark brought her and Knull into a direct confrontation. Knull stabbed Bestra, but the goddess of death seemingly prevailed by controlling the symbiotes to absorb Knull. While Bestra was distracted, the Defenders launched a full assault on Bestra. However, the truth was that Knull merely pretended to lose. He consumed her from the inside and burst out of her body, regaining his dark powers and proclaiming himself the "King in All."Bestra's link to her realm was so strong that her spirit returned to Bestra even without the Bifrost. However, she had promised Karnilla sole rulership of Bestra if the plan failed. Karnilla held her to that and trapped Bestra's ghost inside Balder's empty chest, partially for her own plans and partially to protect both of her lovers from themselves. 
AttributesPower Grid
Powers
Undergroundian Physiology: Bestra possesses the conventional superhuman abilities of an Undergroundian woman, as well as certain special abilities that pertain to her role as a goddess of death:Superhuman Strength: Bestra possesses vast superhuman strength considerably greater than most Asgardians. She has proven capable of standing toe-to-toe with Rassel. Hence, she is capable of lifting well in excess of 100 tons.
Superhuman Speed: Bestra is capable of running and moving at superhuman speeds, achieving a peak of potentially 115 mph.
Superhuman Stamina: Bestra's body produces considerably less fatigue toxins than the bodies of human beings, or most other Asgardians for that matter, during physical activity. As a result, Bestra possesses almost limitless physical stamina.
Superhuman Durability: Bestra's body is considerably more resistant to physical injury than the bodies of human beings and most other Asgardians. Bestra is capable of withstanding great impact forces, temperature and pressure extremes, high caliber bullets, and powerful energy blasts without sustaining injury.
Immortality: Bestra, unlike the rest of Undergroundian Gods is truly immortal and doesn't age beyond her prime. This is due to her being the Goddess of Death who controls life. She can rapidly age people, even someone as powerful as Rassel. She can also grant immortality to other beings like Rugga, the Storm Giant, who kidnapped Bag and brought her to Bestra so that she can grant him immortality.
Regenerative Healing Factor: Despite her body's high resistance to injury, it is possible to injure her. However, Bestra's body is capable of healing itself with high levels of superhuman speed and efficiency. The extent of Bestra's healing abilities is considerably beyond that of the vast majority of Asgardians, able to reconstitute herself even following molecular disintegration.
Magic Manipulation: Bestra is capable of manipulating great quantities of Undergroundian magic for numerous purposes, such as limitless astral projection, firing deadly bolts of energy from her hands that could kill an immortal, levitation, time-travel, and the creation of illusions. She is even capable of channeling the energy through her hand and use them to strike a powerful blow that can rend even the strongest Undergroundian flesh. She refers to this as the "Hand of Glory".Astral Projection:  Bestra is able to travel about in her astral form, possessing the same powers of death as her physical form has. Because of her Undergroundian metabolism, she does not have any limitation on the amount of time she can spend out of her physical form, unlike mortal astral projectionists.
Control Over Life and Death: As the Undergroundian Goddess of Death, Bestra holds the power of life and death over the gods of Underground. Death for an Undergroundian is somewhat different from death for an Earth human being. In both cases, the corporeal body ceases all functions and activities, but whereas mortal spirits flee the physical form at the moment of death, the spirits of gods remain in their bodies until the death goddess draws them out and dispatches them to her realms. These spirits (or astral selves) remain integral for eternity and reside, apparently forever, in the other-dimensional realms of Bestra and Niflheim, where they take on a quasi-physical existence, under Bestra's control. The souls of those who die heroically in battle remain within their bodies and are accompanied by Moodin's Valkyries into Haddoop, where the deceased heroes lead a new physical existence. These dead heroes are known as the Einherjar. Bestra too accompanies these heroes on their journey to Haddoop, but she has no right to govern them. Although Bestra is usually content to wait until an Undergroundian is on the verge of succumbing to fatal wounds before she touches him or her and draws the spirit from his or her body, she can also kill perfectly healthy Asgardians with her touch if she chooses. Although Bestra's touch of death is effective even when she touches someone with her gloved hand, she must contact that person's bare skin for him or her to die. However, Bestra can also project mystic bolts that will cause their target to age or die, even if they strike a portion of the target's body that is covered by clothing. While Bestra's touch is also fatal to mortals, she does not generally leave the dimension of Underground or have much traffic with human lives. The souls of immortals are her province, not those of mortals.
Avatar Form: As the goddess of death, Bestra is inherently connected to every dead resident of her realm. By splitting her soul, she could send pieces of it to possess some members of her army, allowing her to confront her opponents or meet with her allies without risking her actual body.
Teleportation: Bestra can teleport herself any place in all of space and time where the concept of death was present.
Allspeak: Thanks to the Allspeak, she can communicate in all of the languages of the Nine Realms, Earth's dialects, and various alien languages.
Living Abyss Manipulation: After stealing the powers of the King in Black from Knull, Bestra became the Queen in Black and gained dominion over the symbiotes and the living darkness they're made of. Entailing the ability to create, control, and manipulate a fount of eldritch darkness—a manifestation of the primordial void that existed before the universal firmaments—called the "living abyss."Symbiote Creation and Domination: Bestra gained the power to create new life from Knull's darkness and takeover the Symbiote Hive-Mind to command them when she usurped his mantle as a Lady of the Void. As a test she bequeathed her enforcers with Symbiotes to further strengthen her forces. As a testament to her newfound power, she singlehandedly challenged a Badoon battalion while overtaking New Moord aboard one of the empires space stations. Plunging the world into absolute darkness as she and Tyr massacred its bastions.
Abilities
Although she rarely does so, Bestra is a formidable hand to hand combatant, as well as having great proficiency with swordsmanship. She is particularly skillful at using her powers in combat situations.
Weaknesses
When wearing the garment that serves as her cloak, cowl, and headdress, Bestra's body is fully alive and healthy. However, deprived of her cloak, Bestra reverts to her true form. The right side of her body is fully alive, but the left side is dead and decayed. Legend has it that Bestra was born in this condition. It has been theorized that without her cloak, Bestra would be unable to leave the realms of the dead. It has been demonstrated that without her cloak, Bestra's life force is insufficient to maintain her usual physical strength. Indeed, she is unable to stand or levitate herself, or to project mystical bolts, and can barely crawl. Donning her cloak once more will restore Bestra to full vitality; even simply touching it would again enable her to stand.
Paraphernalia
Equipment
Bestra-Crown: Bestra wore a helmet with multiple horns which she could manifest at will and use to hide the decaying half of her body. This helm allowed the wearer to govern the underworld of Bestra and control its forces.
Weapons
Nightsword: Bestra is often armed with her Nightsword, and is a proficient swordswoman. She battled Pluto proficiently with the Nightsword pitted against his enchanted Midnight Axe until Pluto brought demons in to attack Bestra in the course of their duel. The sword is strong enough to injure someone as resilient as Gladiator.Former Weapons
Twilight Sword: For a time, she wielded Surtur's fiery sword Twilight, which she used to remake the Nine Realms into her own image.
Transportation
Horse: Bestra often rode on a black Undergroundian horse to get around her realm.Former Weapons
Huricane: Bestra's ship, made entirely from the fingernails and toenails of the dead. When completed, was supposed to be sailed by the giants during Ragnarok against the gods. It was destroyed, when Vursrt hurled his axe during their sojourn into Bestra.
