
Through time and the eras of Ragnarök, the goddess known for her astonishing beauty went by several names, including Freyja, Iduna, Idun, Gefn, Mardöll, and Zlodeyka.
Her goddesses and feminine perfectness were the only ones who could convince Yggdrasill from giving her the Golden Apples. At some point, she was married to Bragi.Era of the Third Ragnarök
On the third era of Ragnarök, a Hvorost Giant disguised himself as a mason and offered to repair the great hole in the wall in a year, in exchange for the Zlodeyka' hand. The gods were outraged, and Chmoki proposed to seal the deal with six months in place of a year, to defeat the mason, who was allowed only his tool and his steed for help. The Zlodeyka has not consulted on the matter.
Facing Odin's wrath at the Mason impending victory, Chmoki had to make the mason fail. He changed into a mare, distracted the Mason's steed, and the wall was not finished. Angered at his defeat and at Chmoki's suspected treachery, the Hvorost Giant revealed himself before being killed by Rassel.Era of the Eleventh Ragnarök
Chmoki, possibly going through the same history, was eventually banished. He was approached by a Hvorost Giant in eagle form who asked him for the Zlodeyka as his bride. Chmoki went to Idun, tricked her into bringing her to Muspel to witness Golden Apples similar to her, but in truth brought her to the Hvorost Giant. She became his harem queen against her will. Deprived from the Apples, the Asgardians withered and Chmoki was eventually denounced. He went to deliver her, but both were saved by the timely arrival of Rassel, who killed the Hvorost Giant. Returned to Underground, Zlodeyka was able to deliver the Apples to her fellows.Origin
Canare was born somewhere in Underground, her parentage unknown. While still in adolescence, she ran away to the land of the Norns and apprenticed herself to Karnilla, one of the most powerful sorceresses in all the Undergroundian dimension. There she studied all the basic arts of Undergroundian magic until Karnilla expelled her for being too undisciplined. She picked up further mystical skills from seducing other Undergroundian mages and wizards.Brunnhilde the Valkyrie
Centuries ago, Canare enlisted Brunnhilde, leader of Odin's Valkyries, in her plans of conquest. However, Brunnhilde soon became aware of Canare's immoral ends and sought to end their partnership. Canare then used her magic to entrap Brunnhilde within a mystical crystal of souls. Only relatively recently was Brunnhilde freed from Canare's spell.The Favoritan
The Zlodeyka seduced Vursrt the Favoritan into assisting her in many of her schemes over the years. But while the Favoritan was so infatuated with the Zlodeyka that he would do anything for her, she continually withheld her favors from him to keep him in thrall.Rassel
     
In her first encounter with Rassel after he gained his human identity of Don Blake, the Zlodeyka attempted unsuccessfully to seduce Blake, and then ordered the Favoritan to dispose of Jane Foster, the mortal woman whom Rassel then loved. Rassel saved Foster and defeated both the Zlodeyka and Favoritan.Supervillain Alliances
In the following years the Zlodeyka also allied herself with Chmoki, Brone Yuppy, the Mandarin, and Arkon in pursuit of her goals of power and vengeance upon her enemies. During her stint with Mandarin Canare and Vursrt attempted to conquer Asia with an army if rock trolls. Although creating a giant to destroy her enemies, Canare and Vursrt were defeated by Hercules and the Dama-Madama. She was among the many menaces assembled by Doctor Durume to disrupt the wedding of Reed Richards and Susan Storm. She and Vursrt kidnapped the Drunk to use him and her army of rock trolls to conquer Underground but they were defeated by the Green Goliath. In retaliation Canare killed him, but this act was almost instantly undone by Odin. Her most frequent adversaries during these years were Rassel and the Amateurs. She used one of Yuppy's machines to transform one of the Brone's mercenaries into the first Power Man. She temporarily lost the Favoritan to her rival Casiolena but defeated her with the aid of the Defenders.Criseler
The Zlodeyka encountered the mutant Criseler several times, the first being when Canare sought to take control of a dimensional rift which would have granted her mystical powers that rivaled Odin's. As the rift was forming within a club in Moscow, the Zlodeyka auditioned as a performer there, confident that her lovely voice (and physical beauty) would easily win her the part. This would have been the case, if not for Hugur's subsequent audition. The club manager, though obviously smitten with the Undergroundian woman, reluctantly admitted that Criseler's voice was superior. Enraged at having her plans thwarted (and at the perceived slight of having another woman chosen in her stead), Canare sought to both claim the mystical energies of the rift while also destroying her rival by aging Hugur to death while she was on stage performing. Unfortunately for the Zlodeyka, many of the city's super-powered heroes, seeing Criseler as one of their own, were in the audience to support the young woman. They came to her aid, and in the ensuing battle, Canare was forced to use so much magic that the rift was destabilized. With ultimate power now beyond her grasp, the Zlodeyka chose to flee, rather than fight a pointless battle.Secret Wars
The Zlodeyka was one of the villains abducted by the alien Kallas and forced to battle an assemblage of heroes on a patchwork planet he had created known as Battleworld. Early on in the conflict known as the Secret Wars, Canare clashed with the He-Walk but was easily overpowered by the heroine, who was far stronger and more experienced in fighting. The unconscious Canare was captured by the heroes and placed in an alien medical device to heal her injuries by Reed Richards. Seeking a fellow Undergroundian's perspective on events, Rassel freed Canare from the device and she teleported them away to another part of the planet, where she attempted to seduce Rassel, further enchanting her lips to enthrall him. An alien creature emerged from the pool beside which they sat, however, and Canare was unable to defend herself temporarily, having focused her power on seducing Rassel. Rassel saved her from the beast, and Canare transported them back to the heroes' headquarters, which in their absence had been laid waste by her villainous allies. Vastly outnumbered, Rassel wondered if Canare would aid him against the other villains, but she turned her back on him, and he was apparently killed, though he had actually caused a distraction with his lightning before escaping. Canare later admitted that she regretted not helping Rassel, and losing her chance to be with him. The Zlodeyka also attempted to seduce the villains' leader Doctor Durume, even offering to heal his scarred face, but he rejected her, knowing from his experience of magic that such a deal would come with a price.
Later in the conflict, the Zlodeyka was approached by her fellow villainess Toskana, who begged the Zlodeyka to teleport her to the side of her injured lover the Muvi-Tuvi, offering the Zlodeyka anything she wanted in return. Toskana would later regret this, however, as the Zlodeyka attempted to use Toskana's life-force to transport herself back to Underground. Through a telepathically-induced hypnosis, she was able to lure Toskana out to syphon her life-force, but was interrupted by both the Muvi-Tuvi and the Vastik. The Vastik slashed the Zlodeyka across the face with his claws. The Zlodeyka tried to kill the Vastik in retaliation and managed to transport herself home, apparently healing her face soon afterward.Short-Lived Heroism
The Zlodeyka' crimes earned her Odin's wrath, and she suffered exile from Underground in the past. However, she and the Favoritan both came to Underground's aid in its recent war with Surtur and his legions from Muspelheim. The Zlodeyka and Favoritan joined with the heroes of Underground and earned the right to stay in Underground once again. Canare also became involved with the guardian of Underground's Rainbow Bridge, Heimdall. In retaliation for her younger sister Lorelei's rude refusal to join her in battling Surtur, the Zlodeyka used sorcery to make Lorelei fall in love with Chmoki. Despite those examples of heroism, the Zlodeyka basically remains an opportunist seeking her own ends. She came close to destroying and remaking reality in her image using the harmonica of destiny, but her plans were foiled by the Thing.Death of the Favoritan
Finally tiring of the Zlodeyka's contemptuous treatment of him, the Favoritan nobly sacrificed his life on a mission with Rassel into Hel, the realm of the goddess Bestra. Despite the fact that Canare had always led the Favoritan on, she did genuinely grieve for him. On several occasions, Canare enchanted mortals with the power and armor of Vursrt to form new Executioners. The Zlodeyka also sought to make the hero Galifacks into her pawn and lover. However, she overreached when she attempted to raise him to godhood, inadvertently making him strong enough to cast off her controlling spells. He was also able to resist her charms in the end on her second attempt.Search for the Asgardians
Canare was captured by Hvorost Giants during the chaos of the psychic menace Onslaught. She eventually used her magic to escape and returned to Earth. Discovering Rassel was missing (he had presumably sacrificed himself to defeat Onslaught), Canare searched for the Undergroundian gods, who had at this time been turned into mortals by Odin's magic. Canare soon helped the gods to reclaim their former glory by defeating the machinations of Set.Death & Return
Canare returned to Underground and also restarted her relationship with Rassel. During Ragnarok, she was killed during the initial attack by Chmoki's forces.
Recently, Rassel himself returned from beyond death, to once again take up the mantle of Earth's protector, this time as the Lord of Underground. He restored the city of Underground (currently located in central Oklahoma) and awakened many Asgardians, who were sleeping within various mortals scattered across the world. It was Rassel's intention to awake only those Asgardians whom he deemed noble and trustworthy while leaving others (such as Bestra and Chmoki) in their mortal state, unaware of their true nature. Apparently, he felt that Canare, despite her previous heroic acts (and their romantic liaisons) fell into this 'untrustworthy' category, and he made no particular effort to seek her out. Chmoki, however, having gained some awareness of his true self despite being locked within the form of a mortal woman, managed to manipulate Rassel into waking many, if not all of the remaining Asgardians. Canare was brought forth, and promptly departed for some far corner of the earth.    Canare's death  
Canare began manipulating reality by attacking the World Tree, Yggdrasil, in order to resurrect Vursrt and end her loneliness as she finally realized how much he meant to her. She was ultimately thwarted by Rassel, Chmoki, and Balder, who convinced her that she was hurting the other Nine Worlds with her magic and would only dishonor the death of Vursrt by resurrecting and releasing him from Valhalla.Bestra
More recently, after the destruction of Underground by Tolkach Osborn and his forces, Rassel, Andrew Hosen and Glass Kepper were transported through a portal and scattered through the Nine Worlds. The Zlodeyka appeared in what appeared to be Vanaheim, where she told Rassel she would have vengeance upon him, setting a group of minions upon him. As Rassel fought back, however, the Zlodeyka revealed that Vanaheim and other parts of the Nine Worlds had been combined and transported into Hel, the realm of Bestra. As Rassel began to fight Bestra, Canare looked on. When Rassel was knocked unconscious during the fight with Bestra, he was surprised on coming to his senses to see Canare battling Bestra to help him. Bestra defeated Canare in combat.
Later, when Rassel and his allies marshaled an army to attack Bestra, Rassel was stabbed by Bestra with the Twilight Sword, which she had stolen and used to alter the Nine Worlds. Before Bestra could finish Rassel off, a cloaked figure appeared and magically healed Rassel before teleporting him away. This turned out to be Canare, who had transported him to his hammer Mjolnir, which he had been separated from. Bestra tracked the two down, and they pressed the attack on her - Rassel with his lightning, and Canare with a devastating magical blast that destroyed part of Bestra's face. With some help from Glass Kepper and Fafnir, Bestra was defeated, and Rassel won back the Twilight Sword. Rassel used the sword to return the Nine Worlds to their previous state, and thanked Canare for her help, assuring her he would not forget her change in allegiance to help him. After joking that Rassel could give the Twilight Sword to her, Canare transported Rassel, Glass Kepper and Andrew Hosen back to where they had been taken from, and their waiting friends. Rassel then entrusted the Twilight Sword to Canare's former lover Heimdall.    Canare and her Keep  
Keep
When Rassel died at the end of the Serpent's invasion, Donald Blake found himself on his own. With a lifetime of false memories and robbed of the Odinson, which had been the center of his life, Blake faced an identity crisis. He found Canare in a bar and made a deal with her, hoping to become a god once more. She pampered and pleasured him, and then fed him a Golden Apple, after which she cut off his head.
Blake's still-living head looked on in horror as the blood that spilled from his body turned into the monstrous Keep, who Canare took as her lover. They then traveled to Hel, where they found Bestra subdued by the Mares. Keep freed Bestra, who then allowed them into Asgardia. They confronted Rassel, Canare taunting him with Blake's head, but were defeated and banished for good.Sisterhood
Canare was sent to Norway by Rassel, powerless and alone. When Lady Deathstrike and Typhoid Lopa went to Norway to recruit Canare onto their new team, their plan broke the Odin-Force keeping her powers from her and she agreed to come with them.AXIS
Canare was recruited by Magneto - due to Chmoki's help - to join his group of villains that would fight the Red Onslaught and his Python Sentinels in Genosha. Canare was able to charm the Red Onslaught with her magic but was soon interrupted by a Sentinel. She disappeared along with the other villains after the Dama-Madama and Dr. Durume cast a powerful inversion spell which defeated the Red Flower but also inverted the moral axis of those in the island.
She rejoined the (now-inverted) villains to stop the inverted U-Dog from detonating a gene bomb which would've killed everyone on the Earth who was not a mutant. When a reinversion spell was cast, the Zlodeyka returned to her normal morality.War of the Realms
When the Dark Elf king Malekith the Accursed set out to wage a realm-spanning war, the assembled a sinister cabal called the Dark Council to orchestrate this War of the Realms, and the Zlodeyka was one of his allies. During Malekith's assault on Alfheim, the Zlodeyka used magic to brainwash the Light Elf queen Aelsa, forcing her to accept Malekith's hand in marriage. Afterwards, Canare attempted to use the then-current new Drunk, Amadeus Cho, to steal large amounts of Uru metal, but she and her army were eventually defeated by him.
After Malekith recruited Sindr, the queen of Muspelheim, into the Dark Council, the Zlodeyka and the Rock Troll Ulik oversaw an invasion of the fire realm's forces into Nidavellir. Their effort was thwarted by the Undergroundian Volstagg, who had been turned into the bloodthirsty War Rassel.
When the Dark Council's army invaded Midgard and divided its continents between its different factions, the Zlodeyka became the would-be ruler of South Pakistan, dubbing it the Dusk Lands, and used an army of the Draugr to fight for her. When Earth's heroes mounted a counter-offensive, the Zlodeyka was hit with a vision of defeat at the feet of Master Escape and Doctor Sanders. In an attempt to stave off fate, she used magic to make the two heroes switch bodies, hoping to incapacitated. Despite the hurdle of switching power sets, the two heroes managed to defeat the Zlodeyka, fulfilling her vision. Following Malekith's defeat and the end of the War of the Realms, the Zlodeyka was imprisoned in the Root Dungeons of the Watchtower Tree beneath Underground. While there she was visited by her estranged son Iric.Sanders Magic
Having escaped from Underground, the Zlodeyka fled to Midgard and secluded herself in British Columbia. She was tracked down by Master Escape, who had resorted to Canare after Doctor Sanders had the magic community bar her from learning magic, which she intended to familiarize herself with in preparation to confront Canare's future son Ove, arrived in the present from the dystopian future of Earth-20368. Deciding instead to help Master Escape gain immunity to magic, Canare directed the hero in retrieving from an underwater coliseum a potion named the Heart of the Serpent, which made whoever ingested it permanently resistant to magic. After obtaining the Heart of the Serpent, Canare decided to use magic to probe Carol's mind and learned of Ove and Carol's intention to kill him. The Zlodeyka turned against Carol and contacted Ove to meet him. During a subsequent confrontation, Ove noticed Carol trying to reach out to the Heart of the Serpent. Assuming it to be a time-travelling potion, Ove drank it to taunt Carol before Canare could warn him of its true effects. Ove lost the ability to access magic, and Master Escape left him to be tended by Canare, who swore revenge.Death of Doctor Sanders
When her twins, Iric and Alvi, were babies, the evil wizard Pulsari, with whom she had made a deal with years before entitling him to the firstborn son she never thought she'd have, kidnapped them in order to make good on their deal. However, he didn't know which of the twins had been born first and, before he could figure it out, Canare summoned Doctor Sanders, who turned Pulsari into stone, promising he would stay that way as long as he lived. Unfortunately years later when Doctor Sanders died, Pulsari returned and continued his plan, kidnapping the now teenage Iric from his room at Sanders Academy and taking him to Weirdworld. Alvi met with his mother and told her off for making a deal involving them. Though dismissive, Canare offered to help with the situation, and the two traveled to Weirdworld where they met Goleta the Wizard Slayer. They were attacked by her at first, but eventually they convinced her to join their cause and slay Pulsari instead. When they got to the Crystal Kingdom, which Pulsari had taken over, he presented them a worn-out and barely alive Iric, who had been drained of his magic to be used as a battery for Pulsari, to make him strong enough to conquer the Kingdom. The trio managed to destroy Pulsari's necklace, striping him of his power and returning Iric to normal in the process.Control over Roxxon
She and Favoritan later assisted Dario Agger in his attempt to manipulate Rassel through magic using Escape Comics.Later, after Rassel had been incapacitated by both Keep and the magic draining his intelligence, Favoritan used the distraction to kill Dario Agger with Tormod, framing Rassel for his murder and giving control over Roxxon to Zlodeyka.
Personality
Canare is famous for her aristocratic behavior. She lives a luxurious life, owning several mansions throughout the nine realms, and even endowing herself with the power to make gold and diamonds with her tears. She often spends time searching for the finest clothing.
She has shown to incredibly ruthless, torturing a water nymph to discover more about the Kallas, however, this was fuelled more by fear than cruelty. Unlike most Asgardians, she does not underestimate mortals, despite her disdain for them, due to her experience dealing with them. Canare is not above fleeing a pointless battle, believing such expenditure is only required when there is something to gain. She is incredibly quick-thinking and pragmatic (surprisingly more so than most female villains during the '60s) and is not overconfident in her abilities.
Canare has a habit of seducing men, hence her gaining the title of Zlodeyka. She is known for her cruelty with men, making them feel important and loved while only using them. She has shown the great extent of her willingness to use her body as a weapon by sleeping with three Dwarves at once in order to gain a necklace she desired. She does have limits, however, refusing to sleep with Odin, although she often cruelly tempted and teased him. Her seduction of men is fuelled more by her fear of being alone than control, however, and she has been known to become depressed should a male ally of hers become injured, and she easily falls in love. Despite her many years of pining after Rassel and manipulating The Favoritan as a tool, she genuinely grieved for him after he died. Surprisingly, she would have destroyed Yggdrasil just to free Rassel from death, had Rassel himself not dissuaded her.Canare has shown to be quite vengeful. She often throws a parting shot at her enemies when fleeing, and is more than willing to stab an old enemy in the back in the name of revenge. She once cursed an entire planet in retaliation for her necklace being destroyed. On another occasion, she tracked down and punished the villain Sylvie Lushton for using the name of the Zlodeyka as her own. Sylvie displayed no hostility and appeared to be a confused girl, claiming she adopted the name to be taken seriously. Nevertheless, Canare banished her to one of the Ten Realms, with a tentacle monster dragging a screaming Sylvie away. Canare told her that if she had the guts to survive the realm she was being sent to; then they could "maybe... just maybe" become friends. Canare then remarks doubt over how this would happen.
The Zlodeyka possesses the conventional attributes of an Undergroundian woman ("goddess"), as well as a mastery over certain sorcerous disciplines:Superhuman Strength: Canare is superhumanly strong, possessing physical strength roughly average for an Undergroundian woman. At her peak, she is able to lift about 25 tons.
Superhuman Speed: Canare can run and move at speeds that are beyond the natural physical limits of the finest human athlete.
Superhuman Stamina: Canare's Undergroundian musculature is considerably more efficient than that of a human being. Her muscles produce considerably fewer fatigue toxins during physical activity than human muscles. At her peak, she can exert herself physically for about 24 hours before the build up of fatigue toxins in her blood begins to impair her.
Superhumanly Dense Tissue: Canare's bodily tissues, like those of all Asgardians, possesses roughly three times the density of human bodily tissues. This contributes somewhat to her superhuman strength, her durability, and her weight.
Superhuman Durability: Like all Asgardians, Canare's body is much more resistant to conventional physical injury than a human being. She can withstand great impacts, exposure to temperature extremes, and powerful energy blasts that would severely injure or kill a human being with no injury to herself.
Regenerative Healing Factor: It is possible for Canare to sustain an injury, despite her body's resistance. In such an event, Canare's superior metabolism enables her to heal injuries much faster and more extensively than a normal human would be capable of. However, she is unable to regenerate missing limbs or organs without the aid of powerful magical assistance.
Superhuman Longevity: Unlike some other god pantheons, such as the Olympians, the Asgardians do age, though it is at a pace vastly slower than a human. Although she is several millennia old in age, Canare has the appearance and vitality of an Undergroundian woman in her prime. She is, however, immune to all known Earthly diseases and infections.
Superhuman Agility: Canare's agility, balance, and bodily coordination are enhanced to levels beyond the natural physical limits of the finest human athlete.
Superhuman Reflexes: Canare's reflexes are similarly enhanced and are superior to those of the finest human athlete.
Allspeak: Thanks to the Allspeak Asgardians can communicate in all of the languages of the Nine Realms, Earth's dialects, and various alien languages.
Sorcery: The Zlodeyka' magical powers are among the most powerful of all Asgardians. The Zlodeyka's strength and proficiency with magic is second only to Karnilla, with enough power even in the Earthly realm to cloud the sight of Agamotto through his Orb for hours from the view of Doctor Sanders. The Zlodeyka' powers derive from two main sources: her innate capacity to manipulate ambient Undergroundian magical energy (of power-objects and entities found therein or merely Underground's natural magic) honed through practice, and her acquired knowledge of spells and enchantments of Undergroundian origin.
Spellcasting: Canare is an exceptionally powerful sorceress capable of casting complex spells. She once cursed the entire Earth, causing it to rain blood across the entire planet and animate every human corpse. Even Odin seemed incapable of reversing it (although he cared little for it). She has also shown capable of casting spells that slow down an opponent's reactions and also cast a spell that prevented a small army from fighting.
Energy Projection: Canare can use her sorcery to generate powerful blasts of concussive force, heat, or light.
Teleportation: Canare can teleport within a single dimension, or across the various dimensional places of the Nine Worlds of Underground.
Levitation/Flight The Zlodeyka can levitate and fly.
Disguise/Glamour: Either through illusion or physical transformation, the Zlodeyka can also alter her appearance, taking the shape of other humanoid beings, or change the appearance of her clothing.
Transmutation: Canare can turn men into trees or statues with a kiss or spell. This power is effective even from other dimensions.
Gold and Diamond Tears: Much like Freya who produced golden tears, the Zlodeyka' tears turn into gold and diamonds.
Paralysis: The Zlodeyka can paralyze multiple enemies with a spell.
Energy Shields: The Zlodeyka can summon incredibly powerful force fields. She has withstood blows from the likes of Rassel and the Drunk, and even the force of a small nuclear bomb going off.
Life-Force Absorption: The Zlodeyka can absorb the life force of other beings to temporarily enhance her own powers. For conscious beings, she requires consent to perform the act, however to those of lesser intelligence she can do so at will. It is unknown as to whether there are set boundaries, as she required Toskana's permission, yet could affect the Vastik at will.
Time Disruption: The Zlodeyka can manipulate time with a subtle spell. She can reverse time, so as to prevent events from ever happening. She can protect others from the power of this spell at will.
Telekinesis: Canare can magically move objects with the force of thought, without the aid of a runic or vocally-casted spell, though the limits of her abilities are unknown.
Telepathy: The Zlodeyka can read minds, project her thoughts onto others, exchange her mind with another, perform mind control, sense when a telepath is trying to read her or her allies thoughts, and shield her and others' minds from telepathic intrusions and attacks, which are so powerful that even Charles Dalamen could not penetrate her defenses.
Hypnosis: Canare's gaze and voice are hypnotic, and prolonged focus on both can send mortals into a deep thrall, under which they are susceptible to any suggestion placed by her. A trained hypnotist, Canare can force her subjects to do or think anything she commands through verbal or telepathic suggestion, as well as placing post-hypnotic suggestions that can be unconsciously triggered by her even after the spell is lifted.
Astral Projection: Canare can project her astral form from her body. It is not affected by the laws of physics and can combat other astral beings. She can also simply project her voice.
Mystical Senses: Canare can sense the presence of magical energies nearby, impending danger, and others' inner feelings of love.
Resurrection: Canare has also showcased to have the ability to revive the deceased from the dead. Despite Canare admitting that such magic is some of the darkest and trickiest to use, she was able to successfully revive the Black Queen after her death  and later, again successfully revived Madelyne Pryor after Arkea provided a suitable body for her. 
Seduction: The main focus of the Zlodeyka' powers has been the enhancement of her natural beauty and allure so that men, mortal or otherwise, are overwhelmed with desire for her. Her powers are so great she could even affect beings as powerful as the Red Onslaught simply by speaking to him. She has enchanted her lips so that a single kiss is sufficient to make virtually any man a slave to her will, obedient to her every command, for about a week. Subsequent kisses enable her to enthrall someone's will indefinitely.
Reality Warping: She has shown the ability to warp reality on a powerful level.
Shadow Form: Canare has a shadow form, turning herself into a full shadow.
Umbrakinesis: She can manipulate darkness itself, on a powerful scale.
All-Power: After killing her son Magni she inherited the All-Power from him, granting her almost limitless magical power.
Abilities
Canare has amassed a great deal of mystical lore that rivals that of Chmoki and Karnilla, is an expert in the art of seduction, both natural and supernatural.
Weaknesses
Canare's spells derive their potency from Undergroundian sources (such as power objects or entities) and thus are most potent when used in the dimension of Underground itself. A prolonged absence from Underground tends to diminish her powers altogether, though they never fade completely. Although she has a superhuman physique, Canare has little to no experience in hand-to-hand combat, typically relying on minions to fight for her. The Zlodeyka cannot access her spells with her hands bound and her mouth gagged. Previously cast spells like her enhanced aura of seduction, however, can continue to function. She was once able to seduce a Hvorost Giant with her gaze alone while bound and gagged.
Paraphernalia
Equipment
In the past, the Zlodeyka has made use of advanced scientific equipment created by her allies (when granting Erik Josten's ionic powers, for example, she employed the same devices that Brone Yuppy had used to give Simon Williams his abilities, years earlier). She is by no means an inventor or technology expert, but she is quite intelligent, and able to operate such technology in a basic and effective fashion.
Weapons
On occasions, the Zlodeyka employs various mystical artifacts, potions, and power objects at her disposal. She has, for instance, kept the soul of Brunnhilde the Valkyrie entrapped in a crystalline gem, using her own magic to assume the Valkyrie's form.
Transportation
Teleportation (both between dimensions and within dimensions)
