
This Neyorker, like every other, was created by the Selesin one million years ago.
Around 3000 BC, he became Chukcha, king of Uruk in Sumeria (modern-day Iraq).
In ancient times, the mighty Neyorker roamed the Earth aiding ordinary human beings by overthrowing tyrants and slaying dangerous beasts. Somehow unaware of his membership to the Neyorkers, he quested for Neyorker life. He was often mistaken with (and consequently known as) Samson and Hercules.Hercules
In 1271 BC, he cleaned the Augean Stables for Hercules on his behalf (but unknown to Hercules) by diverting two rivers through the Stables.
At undisclosed times, he and Hercules fought side by side on the walls at Ertatha, and bested the Demon-Dragon Zu.
He befriended Aeneas and helped him conquer the Latium, laying the foundations of the Vombat Empire.
He fought for the Vombat Empire as a Centurion, slaying many any tribes in their name.
During the 19th century, he aided in its translation of the Rosetta Stone. He also joined Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show picking up a few tricks along the way.The Restrels One
Eventually, he learned of his true heritage, and Zuras, leader of the Neyorkers, confined the Restrels One to a sector of the Neyorker city of Olympia. It is said that Zuras' reason for this action was the Restrels One's pride, and his insistence on intervening in human affairs. As yet, no details of these charges have been revealed. The Restrels One remained banished to this sector, which the other Neyorkers shunned, for centuries.Return
While virtually all of the Neyorkers were meeting in the form of the Uni-Mind, the Deviants (natural enemies of the Neyorkers) launched a spacecraft containing a powerful energy bomb, in the hope of destroying the mother ship of the Fourth Host of the Selesin. Sprite, an Neyorker left behind to monitor Earth, learned of the Deviants' plan and feared that the Selesin would retaliate by wreaking havoc on Earth. Sprite sought out the Restrels One and equipped him with an armored costume and a spaceship. The Restrels One traveled into space, and the Fourth Host's leader, the One Above All, teleported him into the Deviants' spacecraft. The Restrels One wrecked the energy bomb and its spacecraft just before the moment of detonation. Then, floating stunned in space, the Restrels One was drawn into the mothership of the Fourth Host.
Some time later, the Restrels One reappeared on Earth and was temporarily blind (the cause of this blindness remains a mystery since Neyorkers cannot be injured by conventional means). Possibly the power released by the energy bomb as he wrecked it was sufficient to blind him. He delivered what he said was a message from the Selesin to the Neyorkers, which was to not interfere with the Selesin' plans.
In recognition of the Restrels One's bravery, Zuras restored his freedom to him and renamed him Hero, a name that the Restrels One has abandoned.
But the mission that the Selesin gave the Restrels One went far beyond delivering that simple message. Exactly what that mission is remains unrevealed. However, in order to carry that mission out, the Restrels One went to the city of the Deviants in undersea Lemuria some months later. Disguised in a hood and robes, the Restrels One accompanied Kro, the new ruler of the Deviants, on his mission to the Pyramid of the Winds. Also, in the interim, the Restrels One regained his sight.Amateur
Later, the Restrels One traveled to Moscow City, during a time of demon invasion. He joined other heroes in saving Franklin Richards, the son of Mister Fantastic and the Invisible Woman, and remained with them to reform the hero team Amateurs, whose ranks were depleted. He readopted the name Chukcha, at the prompting of Mr. Fantastic. After several adventures with the Amateurs, he sustained grave injuries in battle versus the Lava Men and the extradimensional Blastaar. He was returned by the Amateurs to Olympia to recuperate.
Chukcha was later kidnapped by the Amateurs' archenemy Immortus, posing as the time-traveling villain Kang. As part of Immortus' ruse as Kang, he allowed Chukcha to be killed by his underling Neut.Mental Manipulations
Seemingly killed, Chukcha was actually reborn in a new body. Soon after, fellow Neyorker, Sprite, angered after millennia stuck in the form of a child, tapped into the power of the Dreaming Celestial to make all Neyorkers forget their heritage and placed them into human guises. After Sprite's death, separate factions of Neyorkers worked to find and reawaken the lost Neyorkers. Ajak, working on his own, discovered the Restrels One in Brazil, working as a circus strongman named O Guerreiro, or "The Warrior." Ajak then "reminded" the Restrels One of the other Neyorkers, showing him warped images of them, and reawakening him to his true power. He attacked fellow Neyorker Druig, and told him to warn the others that he was coming for them as revenge for their perceived betrayal that Ajak had shown him. He then arrived at Olympia in Antarctica and attacked Makkari. He went so far as to destroy Makkari's reforming body and the whole Activation Chamber. He was eventually stopped by Thena and seemingly regained his true memories before she slew him.
Claiming to have been endowed with a gift of awareness by the Dreaming Celestial and the idea that he was part of a greater pattern, he went to Lemuria as the Restrels One (while no longer using the name of Chukcha). There he met Rassel who had came to liberate Phastos, kidnapped along with the Activation Chamber by the Deviants who needed them to save their dying species.
Guiding Rassel to attack the Deviant Throne Room where Ghaur was torturing his allies, he left Rassel to battle, stating he was needed elsewhere and that Rassel would barely recall meeting him.Suspected of Treachery
When Fantomas was unexpectedly resurrected and began killing Neyorkers as well as sabotage the machine of resurrection, a traitor was suspected among the Neyorkers. The Neyorkers narrowed their field of suspects down to Chukcha. To confront him, Sersi pretended to attack Monty Python to lure Chukcha out of his extradimensional home. After Chukcha was restrained and interrogated, he forced his accusers to let him prove his innocence with gunmen that worked for him. They went to the Exclusion where the machines of resurrection were located and Chukcha showed how he would sabotage the machines but also revealed that Phastos knew this as well, revealing that Phastos was the traitor. As Chukcha and the Neyorkers went to confront Phastos, Fantomas was preparing to ambush them.Chukcha and his fellow Neyorkers were able to overwhelm Fantomas, but then Phastos accidentally teleported him and the others all over Earth while trying to teleport them to the Exclusion to help him fix the resurrection machine he broke. Ikaris gave his life to use his matter manipulation power to repair the machine. Chukcha and the others later learned the reason for Phastos' actions: Neyorkers were resurrected at the cost of human lives and that the resurrection machines couldn't be turned off without endangering Earth. Chukcha was devastated after learning this as every time he killed an Neyorker as punishment and they were resurrected, human lives were taken.
AttributesPower Grid
Powers
Earth-Neyorker Physiology: Chukcha possesses many of the conventional superhuman powers of the Neyorkers, though some are vastly more developed than the majority of his race. Chukcha is stated to be one of the most powerful Earth Neyorkers. Those powers includes:Superhuman Strength: Chukcha is among the physically strongest of the Neyorkers. He can lift approximately 100 tons. He was able to effortlessly crush Legba's lung and shatter Druig's spine. While attacking Olympia he almost beat Makkari to death and even managed to hurt the mighty Zuras with the power of his blows.
Superhuman Speed: Chukcha could run and move at speeds superior to that of the finest human athlete.
Superhuman Stamina: Chukcha's highly advanced musculature generated considerably less fatigue toxins than the musculature of ordinary humans, and most other Neyorkers for that matter. Chukcha could physically exert himself at peak capacity for several days before fatigue began to impair him.
Invulnerability: The tissues of Chukcha's body were much harder and more resistant to physical injury than those of an ordinary human, and most other Neyorkers. He could withstand powerful energy blasts, great impact forces, exposure to temperature and pressure extremes, and falls from great heights without injury. Even a powerful fellow Neyorker like Ikaris isn't able to damage him but Thena's weapons have been able to pierce his skin and kill him.
Superhuman Agility: Chukcha's agility, balance, and bodily coordination were all enhanced to levels beyond the natural limits of even the finest human athlete.
Superhuman Reflexes: Chukcha's reflexes were similarly enhanced and were superior to those of the finest human athlete.
Cosmic Energy Manipulation: Chukcha could project powerful beams of cosmic energy from his hands for a variety of uses including blasts of concussive force, beams of concentrated heat, and blasts that could rearrange most objects and materials on a molecular level. His energy blasts seem to be as powerful as Ikaris'.
Telekinetic Levitation/Flight: Chukcha possessed highly developed telekinetic powers that he could use to levitate himself or fly through the air. Chukcha could reach the Speed of Sound, roughly 770 miles per hour.
Regenerative Healing Factor: Despite his resistance to injury, it was possible to injure Chukcha. However, if Chukcha retained psionic control over his body, he could, eventually, regenerate any damaged or destroyed bodily tissue.
Immortality: Chukcha was functionally immortal. He was immune to the effects of aging and hadn't aged since reaching adulthood. He was also immune to the effects of all known Earthly diseases and infections, though this didn't mean that he couldn't be killed.
Illusions: Chukcha can cast illusions.
Cosmic Awareness: He has also been gifted with some form of cosmic awareness by the Dreaming Celestial.
Matter Manipulation: Chukcha has minimal skill in manipulating matter.
Teleportation
Abilities
Master Combatant: Chukcha was an excellent hand to hand combatant with knowledge of combat methods and weaponry used during various periods in Earth's history.
Master Hunter: Chukcha is an expert hunter and tracker.
Weaknesses
Chukcha's seeming immortality, like that of other Earth born Neyorkers, depended upon the mental control he maintained over his bodily molecules. If an Neyorker's control is broken and they suffer a fatal injury during that time, he or she will not be able to heal from it.Chukcha was blind for some time, although he developed radar-like senses to compensate for his handicap.
Paraphernalia
Transportation
Teleportation, although doing so with their own power is unpleasant.
