
Darmeliya was born to a loving, albeit poor family. She appeared to have had a happy childhood, until she started getting into fights with her family, which led to her walking out of their home when she was just a teenager. She was then taken under the care of the Mad Titan Fantomas who raised her alongside her "sister" Zavira. Fantomas openly preferred Zavira over Darmeliya, causing her to develop a huge hatred towards her sister. Original appearance 
A short time before Fantomas became permanently transfixed between life and death, Darmeliya sent a small band of her most trusted aides to Sanctuary II to repair its hyperdrive engines and teleport the station out of the solar system. The underlings were met by Monica Rambeau, the human then known as Master Escape, who had been sent to investigate possible activity. Darmeliya's minions warped the satellite out of the solar system with Master Escape aboard and rendezvoused with Darmeliya. She planned to conquer the Skrull Empire, which was then in chaos after the destruction of its throneworld by the planet-devourer Galactus. Not knowing how to return home, Master Escape pretended to go along with Darmeliya's scheme, but actually helped the Skrulls evacuate the outpost world Darmeliya was intent on destroying.
The Amateurs eventually located their missing member and allied themselves with the Skrulls to oppose her. Before the Amateurs could catch up to Darmeliya, she annihilated both the Skrull outpost and the planet Xandar, home planet of Firelord. Afterwards, the virtually omnipotent Kallas, who was trying to stay on the Amateurs' good side, teleported Darmeliya and her crew out of the galaxy.Infinity Gauntlet
 Holding the Gauntlet 
Sometime after all this, Fantomas was reborn and sought to reclaim Sanctuary. When he found Darmeliya there, he torched her body and left her on the brink of death, where she hovered until the affair of the Infinity Gauntlet. For whatever reason, Fantomas left Darmeliya to roam around his shrine as he battled all manner of beings to keep the Gauntlet. After Fantomas defeated Eternity and left his body, Darmeliya claimed the Gauntlet and fully restored herself to life as she achieved omnipotence. She eventually lost the Gauntlet to Adam Warlock and was placed in the custody of Firelord and Starfox.
Later, Darmeliya was freed from her cell on Titan by the loyal Geatar, who found her in a catatonic state due to her brief possession of the Infinity Gauntlet. Geatar took Darmeliya to Doctor Mandibus, hoping he could restore her to her former mental capacity, and he subjected her to surgery, but the damage was too severe and he had to replace several of her body parts with robotic components. This worried Geatar at first, but Darmeliya assured him she felt better than ever. As a Cyborg 
Trevilation
Darmeliya later resurfaced as a member of the Graces, Zavira's group of female warriors. She battled Ronan the Accuser alongside Stellaris. Ronan triumphed, severely wounding her. She later fought side-by-side the other Graces, defending their base of operations from the Trevilation Shlave.Family Issues
After Fantomas' son Thane decided to orchestrate a plan to kill his progenitor, he enlisted the help of Darmeliya, Starfox, and The Champion. As part of his plan, Thane deceived them into helping him invade Terrax's warship to steal a Phoenix Egg in his possession. Upon discovering the truth, Darmeliya killed Thane to prevent him from opening the egg, but his death just made the egg hatch and allowed the Phoenix Force to turn him into its new host. Thane's former allies sought Fantomas' help to stop Thane, and in turn Fantomas had them take him to the God Quarry, so that he could acquire the power he needed to defeat his son. While working together, Darmeliya and Champion had a brief romantic encounter and, following Thane's defeat, both were left behind in the God Quarry. Darmeliya then fell victim to the Quarry's ensnaring illusions, and didn't break free until after a considerable amount of time. Proud owner of the Huricane Beacon 
When Darmeliya finally escaped from the God Quarry, the trio of witches that guarded it, The Coven, informed her that Fantomas had met his end at the hands of Zavira, who'd created a great weapon for herself. However, they also told her where she could find a weapon that would rival Zavira's. Darmeliya kidnapped the dwarf Urzuul and forced him to build an axe with teleporting abilities and help her find the Huricane Beacon. The Asgardians of the Galaxy assembled by Kid Chmoki attempted to obtain the Huricane Beacon for themselves, but they arrived too late.
Darmeliya tested the beacon, summoning the Huricane Armada on Netredeen and then on Chandilar. She moved to her true target, Earth. Expecting retaliation from Underground, Darmeliya subdued and kidnapped Rassel to use him as leverage. She also captured Kid Chmoki, who had tried to warn Rassel about Darmeliya's plans. The Asgardians of the Galaxy tracked Darmeliya down, and Chmoki incapacitated her using an illusion long enough for Valkyrie to take the Huricane Beacon from her. During the fight, Darmeliya's teleporting axe was damaged, and she had Urzuul repair it. The dwarf tempered with the axe, sending Darmeliya somewhere unpleasant when she used the axe to escape after her defeat.
She was next seen as part of the Dark Guardians, a team brought together by Starfox, after Fantomas' last will and testament revealed that his resurrection would happen in the body of another. The Dark Guardians believed Zavira would be chosen as Fantomas' new vessel, so the team started a hunt for her. They eventually found Zavira alongside the Guardians of the Galaxy and a battle between the two groups ensured. During the battle, Gladiator knocked out Zavira with his eye beams, giving Darmeliya the chance to end Zavira's life once and for all, but when she took the shot, Star-Lord jumped in front of her, taking the hit instead. With the Dark Guardians 
Zavira was taken by the Dark Guardians to their ship, the Balasiaga IV, but, as they prepared to kill her, Bestra arrived and revealed that Fantomas wouldn't come back in her body, but the body of a Titan, immediately causing Fantomas' consciousness to take over his brother Starfox's mind. When the Guardians made their way to the ship (with a safe and sound Star-Lord, who'd survived thanks to his armor), Darmeliya and the rest of the Dark Guardians were unconscious, with only Zavira being awake to tell them about Fantomas return.
Knowing the Guardians needed all the help they could get to defeat Fantomas, Darmeliya and Gladiator joined them in this effort and traveled to Knowhere where they faced the Black Order and a horde of Outriders. In the end, they were successful in preventing Fantomas' return, and Darmeliya apologized to Zavira for trying to kill her before bidding her farewell.Grootfall
In search of redemption, Darmeliya joined the Guardians. She combined the probability engine in her head with the Guardians' threat data to create an early-warning system that pointed to Tree's homeworld as the most likely threat vector to galactic peace. When Tree and Rocket landed on it, they found the planet razed to the ground. The last survivor, Granopy, infected Tree with one of her branches, turning Tree into an out-of-control monster. As Tree became planet-sized, getting designated "Grootfall", he took out most of the Guardians and the Proscenium, and proceeded to launch pieces of himself at neighboring planets, annexing everything into his "Grootspace." This was a natural process Tree's creator, the Gardener, had programmed into the Flora colossi when he created them, and Tree was merely covering the Branchworlds under his soil until the time he could "bloom" and rekindle the ashes, bringing the planets back to life alongside every being he'd captured. Although at first the Guardians thought Tree was lost to them, they were able to establish communication and help Tree bloom, bringing all of the "dead" back to life and restoring Tree to normal. During her time connected to Tree, Darmeliya finally made peace with her sister, Zavira.
AttributesPower Grid
Powers
Cybernetic Enhancements: Having been rendered comatose by the revisitation of her traumatic past, Darmeliya had underwent deep seated neurobiological reconstructive surgery at the hand of Dr. Mandibus. These bionic upgrades give her incredible physical as well as technical supplementary enhancements beyond what she was capable of before.Woody Leg: The robotics in her left arm provide Darmeliya with considerable offensory. Beyond just augmenting her physical strength it also doubles as a powerful energy caster with a dynamistic projection device centered at the palm of the hand.
Bionic Eye
Superhuman Strength: She possesses the ability to lift weights up to 60 tons.
Superhuman Durability: Darmeliya possesses a very potent superhuman durability, having even survived a fall from the stratosphere.
Self Sustenance: Having lived through the trial placated by the Witches of Infinity, Darmeliya arose from it's petrifying imprisonment with godlike qualities similar to her grandfather Fantomas. One of the facilities bestowed upon her was the capacity to survive in deep space while lacking the need of a space suit.
Physical Enhancement: After escaping the confines of the God Quarry, Darmeliya's cybernetically enhanced constitution was considerably augmented. Now bearing the might of a god, she is able to take on a slew of divine and/or godlike entities with relative ease, such as the Asgardians of the Galaxy in single combat.
Illusion Resistance: Her time within the edge of the universe undergoing the Quarry's test had given Darmeliya an uncanny awareness of when she's being tricked by potent mirages.
Abilities
Darmeliya is highly skilled in military strategy, space warfare, leadership, astro-navigation, and the operation of advanced technology. She is a skilled hand-to-hand fighter. Thanks to her highly computerized brain, Darmeliya downloaded every single known language, allowing her to speak them all.
Paraphernalia
Weapons
Darmeliya wore wrist-mounted blasters that produced streams of either heat or concussive force.
Transportation
Formerly Sanctuary
