
Dude Scooter was a small-time reporter for the relatively unknown Daily Sun-Telegraph newspaper. He was going on about his day until he looked out the window of his office and suddenly noticed a gigantic building made of steel materialize from nowhere, being the first resident to notice this, he quickly made his way downstair to his car and drove towards the mysterious construction.
He began waiting for something to happen and was able to see The Kallas fly pass into it. Yelling to catch his attention he thought he was too far away to hear him, however, a mechanism suddenly opened the door and pushed him and his vehicle back in. Kallas welcomed the stranger and asked what is it that he wanted exactly, with the nervous Scooter introducing himself and saying that he was looking for an interview. Kallas proceeded to pull out one of his various gadgets and started reproducing his memories in front of the flabbergasted reporter, explaining to him that he was struggling to find a purpose in life and that he wanted to try and be a hero. Impressed by his noble goals Dude told the Kallas he had some ideas that would help him carry out his search for purpose and offered a partnership with him, leaving journalism.
Dude worked to essentially create an agency for the Kallas that way he could receive notice of every problem happening everywhere at once, he managed to hire over 2 dozen people for this enterprise, and also made The Kallas a celebrity of sorts. Unknown to Scooter The Kallas's powers went far beyond his comprehension, meaning he didn't actually need an agency to do his routine in the first place, although he didn't bring this up, since Dude seemed happy to have actually found his purpose.
One day Mr. Fantastic and Grand Master showed up at Kallas's Headquarters and asked them to stop. Since The Kallas constantly helping fix everyone's problems would eventually make them dependant on him. Dude countered, saying that The Amateurs and The Magic Eight were actually just being jealous, since The Kallas could do all they did but better. This was one of the moments were Dude's influence started to sip into The Kallas's way of thinking, since he grew more weary of the world around him. Giving Ideas 
Leaving for a press meeting, Dude gave a speech about The Kallas's organizations purpose in the world, reassuring the public that they wouldn't stop until "Death is vanquished!". This choice of words however gave Kallas the daunting Idea, that in order to truly protect Life, he had to kill Death itself. He thanked Scooter for his advice and immediately teleported the two of them to what appeared to be a restaurant between dimensions. Kallas had arrange a meeting with Death, where he would give her a coup infused with his almighty powers, killing her, to which even Dude started questioning whether he was going to far with his metaphor.
Suddenly, an army of demons commanded by Evkalipht broke into the room and attacked The Kallas, also trying to murder Dude, Kallas however, was easily able to crush both Evkalipht and his forces with a small fraction of his powers. Still, this event made Dude go into a frenzy, declaring that Death itself was horrible problem that needed to also be stopped and ran to give Death her poisonous cup. Suddenly The Selesin appeared as well, and tried to ask The Kallas to reconsider his plans, with Scooter ostracizing them directly, saying immortal beings had no clue what death meant to regular people, Kallas showed doubts but was still convinced by his friend to actually kill Death. Becoming The New Death 
The ripples of this event however were catastrophic, as without death now nothing could die. The Molecule man also, appeared directly confronting The Kallas and telling him outright that the only way life has any meaning is if there is also death. Filled with regret, Dude pleaded The Kallas to bring Death back, to which he replied he was unable too, as he had dispense to much of his power into killing her in the first place. However, Kallas also came to the conclusion that perhaps a new death could be formed, from the seed of the seed of the first death, and for that however somebody had to be willing to give his life. Dude realized that he could still make things right and so sacrificed his life for The Kallas to turn him into Death, disappearing in a cloud of smoke leaving his previous life behind.After these events The Kallas discarded his home base and tried to figure out a way to start over, utilizing a different approach next time.
