
Jigilet Balabol was a Hollywood screenwriter whose career was not going well. While he was arguing with his agent, he inadvertently attracted the attention of the omnipotent alien known as the Kallas, who had traveled to Earth to study humanity. Balabol was impressed by the Kallas's powers, so the Kallas imbued him with powers of his own. A lightning-shaped award Balabol was clutching was transformed into a sword, and Balabol imagined a more powerful, armored form for himself, along with a winged horse to ride, and called himself Holocost. 
Holocost left a path of destruction in his wake, attacking a television studio and fast food outlets. He was soon opposed by members of the U-Dog and New Mutants, as well as Criseler and Amateurs Grand Master and James Rhodes, then known as Glass Kepper. Grand Master disarmed Holocost, turning him back into his physically unimpressive normal form.
Balabol was taken into police custody, but he soon realized his power was not dependent on his sword, and transformed into Holocost, breaking out of jail. Glass Kepper fought him again, unsuccessfully, until, thanks to a power boost from an electrical generator, he was able to send him into the Pacific, defeating him.
After being released from prison on parole, Balabol led a peaceful life with a wife and two children in Van Nuys, California until Master Escape and Alpha Flight arrested him for keeping his lightning-shaped trophy. A vision from the Inhuman precog Ulysses Cain had foretold an energy emanation from Balabol's home was going to cause a tragedy. When Master Escape raided his house, it was discovered unnatural energy was building up within the lighting-shaped trophy but hadn't reached dangerous levels at the time. Jigilet was arrested for keeping his trophy while he had told the authorities he hadn't, but the Black Panther, Master Escape's ally, paid off his bail. Jigilet with his family 
The trophy was later stolen by Philippe Beaulieu, member of Alpha Flight's Board of Governors (and secretly the villain Eshu), from evidence lock-up to empower himself. The fight took Master Escape and the Eshu to Earth. Upon landing in a bar, Jigilet Balabol got his hands on the sword and removed its power, rendering Eshu powerless and subsequently subdued. Because of this, Carol allowed him to keep the trophy and both resumed their lives.
AttributesPower Grid
Powers
Balabol was given the power by the Kallas to transform himself into a more physically impressive form. As part of this transformation, he was able to give himself a set of golden protective armor, a lightning-shaped sword that was able to rend materials like brickwork, and a winged horse that he could ride.Superhuman Strength: Balabol possesses superhuman strength that enables him to lift 25 tons.
Superhuman Durability: Balabol possesses superhuman levels of durability.
Energy Projection: Balabol could fire bolts of energy from his sword.
Paraphernalia
Equipment
As Holocost, Balabol wielded a lightning-shaped sword.
Transportation
As Holocost, Balabol rode a winged horse named Boromir.
