
Nany was an one of the first Flora colossi to be born, having presumably been created by the Elder of the Universe known as the Gardener. She served as the matriarch of her people, and was particularly fond of the saplings, which included her grandson Tree. She and her fellow elders would tell the young saplings stories as part of their lessons, but also warned them to never go into the Deadwoods due to the trees being ridden with decay and disease.
Tree and two of his fellow saplings, Tweeg and Gleef, decided to disobey their elders and ventured into the Deadwoods, only to get captured by the Spoilers. The Spoilers were a criminal organization headed by Agz, a Flora colossus who had been driven mad by a parasite from the Deadwoods, which caused great fear and shame in the elders.
Tree was rescued, and needing help to fight Agz and his army of Chainsaurs, led his new companion Yondar to Nany. Both of them pleaded her to help them, but as she also remained silent like the rest of the elders, Tree started screaming at her out of desperation. Nany proceeded to amplify Tree's scream big enough that it reached a ship of the Veeee Empire. The Veeee soon arrived and destroyed the Deadwoods before incarcerating Agz, bringing an end to the Spoilers. With their threat gone, Nany, Tree and the other Flora colossi resumed their peaceful life.Years later, when Tree became an adult and joined the Guardians of the Galaxy, all Flora colossi began perished as part of the cycle of rebirth induced by the Gardener, eventually leaving only Nany and Tree. Upon learning of his people's fate, Tree rushed to the dying matriarch, but as he embraced her, she induced into him a transformation, turning him into a planet-size being named Grootfall. Grootfall's purpose was to raze the branch worlds and reform the soil for new life to be formed. Grootfall was successful in this task, and with the assistance of the Guardians of the Galaxy, bloomed to revive the life in those planets, presumably including the Flora colossi.
Attributes
Weaknesses
Immobility: Unlike most other Flora colossi, Nany lacked any form of limbs and was instead rooted in the earth. This caused her to be unable to move.
