
Most of Polarso's history is unknown or clouded by mystery. She claims that her race had been judged unfit by the enigmatic Selesin and had been destroyed by them. She never explained how she happened to survive, or where she got her suit of living armor, but she used this claim to justify her pursuit of the Selesin and her role as a Celestial-hunter. She also claimed to be amnesiac and remembering nothing to little of her early life.
She first appeared on Earth, following a "Replicoid" sent there by the Selesin to deliver a message to Rassel and his ally Hercules, whom the Selesin wanted to go to the Black Galaxy immediately. Polarso attacked them both. During the battle, Rassel's teammates, the Amateurs, arrived to help Rassel battle Polarso, and the replicoid was mortally injured. The replicoid was able to deliver the message to Rassel just before Polarso destroyed it.
Polarso then attacked Hercules, somehow sensing his past connection with the Selesin. Rassel was finally able to defeat Polarso in single combat, and discovered that Polarso was a woman. After threatening to self-destruct her living armor and destroy the Earth in the explosion, Rassel reluctantly let her go.
When Rassel and Hercules left for the Black Galaxy, Polarso was following close behind them. As they encountered a ship of the High Evolutionary, Polarso entered unnoticed. Polarso freed and befriended Nobilus, a mentally unstable New Immortal created from cell samples of Rassel. While Nobilus held off the High Evolutionary's honor guard, the New Men, and Rassel, she plundered the ship's computer system.
In the computer system she found the location of a mysterious red Celestial within the Black Galaxy. Elated, she grabbed Nobilus and took off for the location of the Celestial, hoping to kill her first Celestial. The High Evolutionary, Hercules, Rassel, and the High Evolutionary's New Immortals followed behind her. Everyone arrived in time to witness the beginning of the birth of a new Celestial. The organic Black Galaxy was apparently the matter from which the new Celestial was to be created from.The vengeful Polarso powered up her suit to its maximum level and charged the forming Celestial. A huge explosion occurred and seemed to destroy the whole Black Galaxy. Rassel and the other unharmed observers saw that the new Celestial had completely formed. The explosion caused by Polarso seemed to have provided the final energy necessary for the new Celestial to be born. A robot analyzer made the final comment that Polarso' living armor was exactly like the armor worn by all the Selesin, implying that perhaps Polarso was connected to the Selesin more intimately than she may have led others to believe.
AttributesPower Grid
Powers
Radar Sense
Abilities
Learned Intellect: The Supa-Dupa Corps considered her highly intelligent.
Hand-to-Hand Combat: She is an extremely formidable unarmed combatant.
Weaknesses
Vulnerability to Mental Attacks: She is unusually vulnerable to mental assault and emotionally unstable.
Vulnerability to Matter Manipulation : The battlesuit is still composed of molecules, Ronan was able to dismantle It with the Universal Weapon's Matter Manipulation.
Paraphernalia
Equipment
Living Armor: All of Polarso' abilities and powers stem from her living suit of armor, which could or not be part of her body. The armor's power supply was somewhere in the suit of armor, and it was apparently of a cosmic level. Polarso could somehow mentally control the shape of the armor and its built-in equipment. It is noted that her armor is the same kind of armor worn by the Selesin. The following is a brief list of such equipment and abilities:
Superhuman Durability: Body armor, sufficient to protect Polarso from the rigors of space and withstand the attacks of the omnipotent Selesin.
Energy Projection: Energy weapons, capable of forming any sort of weapon.
Superhuman Strength: Physical enhancement, increasing her physical abilities to Class 100.
Superhuman Senses: Sensors, forming any type of detection or sensor device, including night vision and telescopic vision.
Flight: Boot jets grant her the power of flight, including interstellar travel.
Self Sustenance: The armor is equipped with life support.
Self-Destruction: Self-destruct capabilities, sufficient enough to wipe out the Black Galaxy.
Hacking: Computer tap, able to plug into any sort of computer system no matter of security system.
