
Tutora was once a beautiful being created by the Selesin during the time of the First Cosmos. He went on to create the Beyonders and imbued them with a fraction of his power. The Beyonders stole the rest of his power and then trapped him in a moon outside the ManyTimes. The Beyonders then erased the Lost One from their history and claimed that the Selesin had created them directly.
Recently, a single flaw in his prison allowed him to escape. Since the Beyonders could not use his own power against him, they sent warriors to fight him in their stead, which he defeated. The Lost One recruited Morlok Rath of Kharradun and the Black Order to aid him in his quest of vengeance against the Beyonders.
Sensing the Kallas, the Lost One came to Earth but was blocked by a shield powered by four crystals, secretly four Beyonders in a crystalline form provided by the Kallas. The shield mysteriously went down, allowing the Lost One to enter; however, it was a ploy by the Kallas to trap the Lost One on Earth as a new prison. The crystals were teleported outside and the shield was reinstalled. Taking off his helmet to reveal his now-hideous face, the Lost One confronted the Kallas at the edge of the shield, who was soon punished by the other Beyonders for attacking his own kind and was sent down to Earth.The Lost One proceeded to ravage Moscow City while Morlok found the now-powerless Kallas. The other Beyonders had erased his memory of how to disable the shield, but the Kallas had extracted it beforehand and went to reclaim his memory to bargain. Tutora deactivated the shield, absorbed the four Beyonders powering it, and dissipated the Kallas. The Amateurs used the Lost One's Celestial weakness to fight him and threatened him with Celestial weaponry. The Lost One agreed to restore Moscow and the lives he had taken, bade farewell to Morlok, and left to continue his hunt.
As the purported original possessor of the Beyonders' power, the Lost One is an unfathomably powerful entity. For reference, three Beyonders are enough to slay almost every notable cosmic entity, including the Living Tribunal, in all realities of the ManyTimes simultaneously. Tutora states that his powers were given to him by the Selesin.Connection to the Beyonders: He can sense Beyonders that manifest in the universe. He can also siphon energy from them without their notice and hide beings from them.
Immense Strength and Durability: The Lost One "wears" a physical body that he fashioned himself to be able to swim in suns, fly through black holes, and smash moons with his fist. However, he became trapped in this body after the Beyonders had stolen his power. Also, this body is subjected to decay.
Multiversal Travel: The Lost One can travel through different universes.
Immortality: The Lost One is immortal and cannot be killed. The Lost One is impervious to his own power, including when used by Beyonders.
Power Bestowal: The Lost One can bestow other people his power.
Resurrection: The Lost One can bring people back to life.
Reality Alteration: After absorbing the power of four Beyonders he displayed the ability to alter reality with a thought.
Near-Omnipotence: Given the fact that the Kallas and the Beyonders all possess part of The Lost One's power and are all Nigh-Omnipotent, and that all this power naturally belongs to the Lost One, then should he regain all of his  lost power, he would become a being of unfathomable capabilities far beyond comprehension.
Energy Manipulation
Interdimensional Teleportation
Matter Manipulation
Reality Warping
Weaknesses
The Selesin specifically designed Tutora to be unable to hurt them. Other beings can challenge him by coating themselves with Celestial "blood."
The Beyonders stole his power through unknown means.
